Focal points and iterated best response
to understand iterated best response with focal point consider the following exampl:
lets suppose we have a game of hide and seek 4 doors one is the winning door and rest three are looser so seeker wins if the hider looses so we 
have a probability of 25% of a door being selected at random by hider and by seeker.
Now if we take a look at the image again we see that the doors linear arangment and the labeling have an effect of the human reasoning which is called NON-NUTRAL PSYCOLOGICAL EFFECT by behavioural game theorist.
And when Rubinstien in 1996 put this to test the results were quite different as shown below.
These results can be explained by Iterated Best Response(IBR).
IBR have two assumptions:
1) There are focal points in the presentation of game that attract the attention of the reasoners before they engage in the further streagic delibration.
2) They compute best response to focal point behaviour (if they can) to which they compute best respone and so on.
So coming back to our example the hider might anticipate that this door is unique lets put in this but he would anticipate that hider might think the same so he does not mark this and chooses an other door but then he thinks that hider might think the samething so he should choose the same door. This will eventually end by in a reasoning loop.
Semantic meaning as a focal point:
Schelling point in co-ordination: the idea of focal point that attract our intension and thus effect psycological reasoning in very natural.
Schelling idea was that independent coordinates choices will have a scilent option. For example if two persons have to mark a meeting place in NewYork where they can not discuuss the meeting place beforehand but know that it is commonly known to both sides that they are facing the same problem.
then it is not fairly natural to assume butemprically supported that they will coordinate on choices which are psycologically scilent which in this case would be Grand Central Terminal in Manhatten.
what counts as psycologically scilent under which cercumstance is seperate interesting and empirial question.
Focality of Strating point of delibration:
The role of focal points in an
ibr model is slightly different though. First of all, focality in the ibr model is
not a second-order selection criterion on top of standard equilibrium notions.
Similarly, whereas Schelling’s focal points are what most people would expect
to be a commonly expected coordination point, focal points in the ibr model
are not —in a manner of speaking— the outcome of reasoning about a game
situation but rather the starting point. Focal point reasoning in ibr is also not
confined to coordination games, as the above ‘hide-and-seek’ game illustrates:
reasoners might convince themselves that playing a focal strategy is not a good
idea. In other words, reasoners may reason themselves away from focality,
rather than being attracted by it through or after deliberation. Still, the general
idea of a psychologically attractive option that most if not all people will
notice and know that most if not all people will notice etc., is the same.

